 Welcome to another Speak English with me video. Most of you guys already know how this works for the new people here I'll explain, but first of all, thank you for joining us. So you will basically speak English with me. We will have a dialogue where one line will be mine and the next one will be yours. I'm gonna say my line and then you will read your line from the screen out loud as if you were answering me. And then by subversive, today's dialogue will take place in a store. It'll be a dialogue between a customer and a cashier at a checkout counter. We all shop and here in the US, cashiers always make small talk with customers. So if you're planning on traveling here, it'll be useful to practice it. Hi, how are you today? I'm doing well. Thank you. How about you? I'm good. Thanks. Just grabbing a few things for the weekend. Sounds great. Did you find everything you were looking for? Yes, I did, but I have a question about the price of this item. It's showing up as a different price than what I saw in the shelf. Sure, I can help you with that. Which item is it? It's this pack of gum. Let me take a look. Oh, you're right. It looks like the wrong price tag was placed on this item. I apologize for the confusion. I'll make sure to fix it. The correct price for this gum is $3.99. Thank you for letting me know. I appreciate your help. Of course, no problem. Will that be all for you today? Yes, that's everything. Great. Your total comes to $24.73. How would you like to pay? I'll pay with my credit card. All right, you're all set. Thank you for shopping with us today and have a great weekend. Thanks, you too. Okay, let's get into it. I will start. Hi, how are you today? I'm good. Thanks. Just grabbing a few things for the weekend. Yes, I did, but I have a question about the price of this item. It's showing up as a different price than what I saw in the shelf. It's this pack of gum. Thank you for letting me know. I appreciate your help. Yes, that's everything. I'll pay with my credit card. Thanks, you too. All right, great job and now we switch. You go first. I'm doing well. Thank you. How about you? Sounds great. Did you find everything you were looking for? Sure, I can help you with that. Which item is it? Let me take a look. Oh, you're right. It looks like the wrong price tag was placed on this item. I apologize for the confusion. I'll make sure to fix it. The correct price for this gum is $3.99. Of course, no problem. Will that be all for you today? Great. Your total comes to $24.73. How would you like to pay? All right, you're all set. Thank you for shopping with us today and have a great weekend. All right, I hope you guys enjoyed practicing your speaking with me and I hope to see you in the next video. Bye.